Seventeen people were confirmed dead after a double-deck bus caught fire Sunday night in Lima, 
Peru's public prosecutor's office said Monday.

The autopsies will take place at the central morgue in Lima,
the office said.

Initial reports placed the death toll at 20, but the prosecutor said the number was 17.


The bus operated at an informal terminal that had been placed out of service in January 2018.


The dead included eight men, five women and four children, the prosecutor said.?


Peru's National Police arrested early Monday the bus drivers, who are expected to give statements to local authorities. 
(Xinhua)

?

Customs officers clamp down on meat smuggling

?


Guangzhou customs officers will expand cooperation with their counterparts in the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative 
regions to curtail frozen meat smuggling.

They said they have seized more than 1,800 metric tons 
of frozen meat and related products, valued at $6.44 million since the beginning of the year.


Items seized included beef, tripe, cow stomach, chicken feet and pig’s feet. (China Daily)

?


Foshan clears 842 officials of wrongdoing

?

Authorities in Foshan, South China's Guangdong
 Province, have cleared 842 officials of suspected wrongdoing after the city started investigating 
reports of official malfeasance deemed suspicious a year ago.?

The actions taken can serve as an
 example for lower level to enhance accountability mechanisms and deal with the problem of
 malfeasance by officials, according to a People's Daily editorial on Monday.?

In a recent case in Foshan, 
two local officials were warned after making up false reports about another official while competing for 
a new job, which they then maliciously spread.

The detailed regulations are still needed to differentiate between
 malicious false reports and unintentional ones. Those who intentionally make false reports should be punished,
 while those who made reports in error should be forgiven. (Global Times)

?

Severe thunderstorm in Nepal leaves 25 dead,
 hundreds injured

?

And at least 25 people have been killed, and around 400 hurt in a thunderstorm that swept through the southern part 
of Nepal late Sunday.

Authorities said the death toll may rise as rescue efforts continue.

Pre-monsoon thunderstorms are common
 in Nepal during the spring season but are rarely of an intensity that causes high casualties.

Television channels said the 
storm and accompanying heavy rainfall uprooted trees and telephone poles, crushing some people to death. (CGTN)

?


And that’s People’s Daily Tonight. Thanks for joining us.

(Produced by David Nye and Wang Zi
